Huangmei Huang
May is great
The neighbor's 100,000 ocean has arrived
Great, that's good for our tobacco business
But you're sure of it.
Finally, there is no need to slash the Lin family's face anymore
Beichen waits for the commander's birthday dinner
Let's have a showdown with our neighbors.
You want me to leave young at the birthday party
Since the commander is on our side
With business along the way
We can say that we are calling the wind and the rain in Jingping City
At that time, I will let Lin Jingyun assist in being in charge
The money has arrived now.
When will that bottle of tobacco soil arrive?
I'll get in touch in a while.
On the day of the birthday dinner, let the tobacco soil arrive at the boutique
At that time, I will let the Lin family get out of the way
Madam, why are you interested in coming to the teahouse today?
Look at that.
Temporary tracking of the second aunt is here
We've got the funding.
Qin Huomei will definitely find a house to trade his tobacco soil
Follow him.
We can find out who their parents are
Madam is not good
He's coming our way.
Don't be afraid.
I'm here waiting for him
Yo
What a coincidence!
Sister Jingyun is also checking.
Are you here to follow me?